Add user-friendly guide for custom clustering functions in cellediting.md (#368)
OpenRefine/openrefine.org: docs/manual/cellediting.md

8. Save your function and close the dialog.

Your custom functions will then appear in the dropdown menu under keying or distance options. Select the function you added, and it will be applied to your data.

Say you want to cluster song titles in English which sometimes differ because of included or omitted articles (such as "the" or "a"). For instance, you could have values such as `The Peanut Vendor`, `Peanut Vendor (The)` and `Peanut Vendor`. OpenRefine's default fingerprinting function successfully maps `The Peanut Vendor` and `Peanut Vendor (The)` to the same value `peanut the vendor` (by removing punctuation and re-ordering words), but `Peanut Vendor` is mapped to `peanut vendor`, failing to cluster it with the other values. You could use a custom keying function which filters out articles from the fingerprint value: `filter(value.fingerprint().split(" "), word, (word != "the").and(word != "a").and(word != "an")).join(" ")`. This will map all three values to the same clustering key `peanut vendor`.

> Nearest neighbors with the Levenshtein distance counts the number of changes between two values, but does not relate this number of changes to the lengths of strings. For instance `John Fong` and `John Fang` have distance 1, but `Sinéad O'Connor` and `Doctor Sinéad O'Connor` have distance 7, although they are intuitively more similar. When clustering sets of strings with widely varying lengths, it can be useful to normalize this number of changes by the lengths of the strings. This can be achieved with a custom distance such as `levenshteinDistance(value1, value2) / (max(length(value1), length(value2)) + 1)`. With such an expression, the distance between `John Fong` and `John Fang` becomes 0.1, whereas `Sinéad O'Connor` and `Doctor Sinéad O'Connor` are at distance 0.3.

Reviewer: The example got less convincing, right? The original example I picked was so that the relative ordering between the scores would flip depending on whether or not the distance is normalized.
Would it not make sense to use `Doctor Sinéad O'Connor` and `Doctor Sinéad M. O'Connor`?

Reviewer: and maybe `J. Fong` / `J. Fang` because it's probably not enough…

Author: > The original example I picked was so that the relative ordering between the scores would flip depending on whether or not the distance is normalized.

Could you please expand on this? not sure I fully get it.

Author: Oh, I see now! I initially thought you chose these examples to ensure that the score between `Sinéad O'Connor` and `Sinéad M. O'Connor` would be less than 1, so they would be clustered together. But it looks like the main reason was actually to demonstrate how the relative ordering between the scores of the two pairs would flip.

> For more details on built-in clustering functions, see [Clustering In Depth](https://github.com/OpenRefine/OpenRefine/wiki/Clustering-In-Depth).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on built-in clustering functions, see [Clustering In Depth](https://openrefine.org/docs/technical-reference/clustering-in-depth).
```
